1.	IBM
Technical round - 
Ur current position in project
Did u documented for ur project? – Need to know ideal documentation and diagrams 
Architecture of my current project – I took long time to understand question
Scale urself in java – I scaled 8
Static class – finally – finalize – final block – missed whole concept
JavaBean - ??
Garbage collection
String immutable
Know javascript ?
Know AJAX ?
Exception Handling
Level of logs – info, error, warn, debug
QueryString
MR round – 
Tell me about ur project – I wz not prepared
Current CTC – 4.6      Expected CTC – 7
Y all of sudden need of dis hike – idiotic answer 
I cn give only 5.5
Feedback - high expectation & need to work with communication


2. Solveda Interview - 10/10/2014 - telephonic
 1. Introduce urself
 2. Tell me about ur project
 3. Features of Java 7 & 8
 4. Abstraction & Inheritence
 5. Session Mgmt
 6. String, String Buffer, String Builder & situation shud use
 7. String Utils
 8. Ex.
 9. Difference b/w Array & ArrayList
 10. Difference b/w group by & where
 11. How cn we delete duplicate values frm DB
 12. Worked with Web Server??
 13. Difference b/w Web Server & App server
 14. How to create connection wid different DB using Session Factory parallely
 15. Type URL – process dis request
 16. Usage of Generic
 17. Difference b/w Statement and Callable statement


JSON is stand for JavaScript Object Notation uses for data-interchange, lanuage independent, contains name, value pair  
toJson, from Json
Request Mapper & Resposnse Mapper automatically performs this Conversion.
 
3. DIMTS  - 15/10/2014- telephonic

 1. Brief intro
 2. Abt ur project
 3. how r u uploading file
 4. How JS sends/ recieve data frm Spring Controller
 5. how Hibernate will handle transaction aborted in mid except transaction.rollback()
 6. How r u using hibernate in your application
 7. Handling authentication n authorization
 8. How Jasper report works
 9. Dont wnt to have any query in my jasper report, Way to do same
 10. Cross Tab etc layout in Jasper report

4th Interview - CSC - Super Bad -telephonic

1. Brief intro - u n proj
2. What are Spring dependencies?
3. JSF life cycle
4. Difference between action and action Listener
5. their syntaxes
6. Difference b/w validator and converter
7. which will perform first, if both implemented at same object, n y??
8. Serialization in java
9. Can I serialize a static field
10. after de-serialization wht will b d output of serial value?
11. finalize() ?
12. How to implement dictionary in java?

5th Interview – NewGen – F2F – 1st Nov, 2015

1. OOPs concepts n explain all
2. Give me example of each within this room.
3. Create 2 class – constructor, data hiding, overloading, overriding concepts
4. ArrayList or Linked List – which is better  1. if large no. of insertion required, 2. Search Better
5. Final, finally, finalizer
6. Serialization, volatile, transient
7. String var. is immutable. Y??
8. Top 3rd Salary holder - Query
9. DB- Trigger, Left Outer join, right outer join, inner join, full outer join

6. Aricent – Resume not accepted -8th Nov, 2015

7. Accenture

8. Ernst & Young – F2F – 15th nov, 2015
 1. Explain OOPs principal
 2. Whts Polymorphism
 3. Cn we hv 2 methods wid same declaration, but 1 wid static keyword
 4. Object class methods??
 5. contract b/w hashcode n equals, is it valid vice verse?
 6. MVC component in spring framework??
 7. wht application.xml do??
 8. wht is dependency injection??
 9. bean life cycle
 10. difference b/w arraylist and linked list
 11. difference b/w include directive n action
 12. Enum
 13. Create Singleton class
 14. she wrote simple example of inheritance, n asked ref of sub class cnt hold obj of super class
 15. how to mk a class as immutable
 16. Diff b/w String, StringBuffer, String Builder
 17. How to create a ArrayList synchronize – Collections.synchronizedList()
 18. Diff b/w Runnable n Callable interface
 19. Can we overload init n destroy method in spring

9. Inteligrape – 10th Nov, 2015 – F2F
Written -
find factors of a no.
find factorial using recursion
check no. is multiple of 7 or not like – 49, 343
Need to sum only even digit of a no.
DB table, column n relation under define condition
Interview -
 1. xplain OOPs principal
 2. Whts abstraction?
 3. she wrote simple example of inheritance, n asked ref of sub class cnt hold obj of super class
 4. How we can count of a word frequency in word cloud
 5. how cn we flatten a array dat cn hv any type of obj and nth dimensional array
[1,5, “Hello”,[3,2,7],[2,5,[6,8]]]
 6. ACID property – explain each
 7. consistency – if same record is in diff table, data for it should b same in all tables
 8. why we use normalization?
 9. Wht is BOYC Codd
 10. wht is Index? How it implement internally
 11. request type – 4 (Get,post)
 12. wnt to upload a photo, which type of request will u use to perform this task? N y?
 
10. Xebia - 

 1. Live example of singleton – Log4j, enum
 2. Write a singleton class
 3. Code coverage tools
 4. tools for testing
 5. Working of hashMap, internal type Cast(AutoBoxing)
 6. Wht is Collection? Wht its hierarchy? Why Map is not a part of collection
 7. Reason to create Set, Why can we insert only single copy, Similar to which mathematical function
 8. String Pool, Why we use String Pool??
 9. Password we shud store in char[] or String
 10. Can we hv multiple catch? Can we hv multiple finally? Order shud follow in catch? Ex.
Catching RunTimeException n IOException after dat
 11. Dependency Injection
 12. Flow of control in spring
 13. How r u connecting hibernate in spring
14. Default spring bean scope - singleton

2nd round - 
Sales tax calculator – apply oops principle and design patterns

11. Deloitte. – F2F - 17th Jan, 2015
what is hashcode?
difference between equals and == operator
what is pre compiled statements
return statement in try, catch and finally block - which 1 will execute
Sort a list of Student, on the basis of Marks and then Age.. Program
does view take space in memory? Need of view?
Create a view..

12. Persistence – telephonic - 22nd Jan, 2015
features of java
what is annotations? For whom it is useful?
difference between hashMap and hashTable - apart from synchronize
difference between arraylist and vector
Collection framework
Difference b/w arraylist and array
What is spring dependency injection
What is concurrent Hash map?
need to override hashcode method
if an exception occurs in finally block- yes we can, but will hide error thrown/value return from try/ catch block, that y its a bad practice to return a value/ throw error from finally block, as it swallowed/overrides the actual exception/ returned value.
can we throw Error??
catch(Throwable e) allowed??
What is string literal pool?
is String thread safe?
How to synchronize an arraylist?
Hierarchy of throwable
How to create thread? Which 1 better option?? Y?? Not bookish reason u know..
13. iBtech – 31 Jan, 2015 – F2F
Java written – 
A multi choice question ppr and a case study qstn
1st interview- 
	Difference b/w Order by(order of insertion) and group by
OOPs principles
What is difference between encapsulation and abstraction?
How encapsulation within the class is different from encapsulation in method?
What is runtime polymorphism?
Top 2nd salary?
What is innerBean?
How will you count no. of persons access  the website?
What is scriptlet?
2nd interview – 
Explain components in your project. Ie architecture (as in WS, AS, DS, Risk management, development server, UAT, SIT server, Production env.)
Thr is a page that was working f9 previously, but now it’s very slow, wht can b a possible reason for the situation?
May b unable to connect to server due to network problem
May b data is huge and thr is no indexing/partitioning present
May b RAM is full, so we can kill unnecessary procedures
May b disk size is full bcoz of bulky data
Security of your application – tool we are using for security Checkmax
Using https in place of http. Wht changes we should do to serve https??
SQL injections – we use stored procedure
Cross browser…
Proper Exception handling - Nested   
Possible ways of sorting and which 1 is best and y?
How indexing works? Which data structure indexing use to store? 
Difference between WS and AS? AS provides extra functionality for better development like connection pool, thread pool n all…
3rd interview - 
 Tell me about yourself?
What is QA? What is focus of IQA and EQA? How EQA is more beneficial on IQA?
Security of application – 5points
Reason of change
New technology and domain knowledge
Client exposure
Weakness/ Strength
Specific domain/technology looking for – show ur flexibility
Prefer to work in team/ alone – say team
Hobbies?
Plan for marriage
Comfortable for client call 9-11PM? Ask for flexible working hours
Do you know about ibtech?
Ask them about project and domain, they will offer.

14. NewGen – 2Feb, 2015 – F2F
Written 
1st interview – 
Different scope in jsp
In case of multi lingual site whr we shud keep 
Logging

15. BlackRock – 12Feb, 2015 – F2F
Telephonic –

1st round –
What is overloading
Does Overloading of overridden method is allowed?
Does Overriding of overloaded method is allowed?
Can we overload main method?
How will we identify our main method? Can we swap public and static keywords in main method definition?
Write a comparator class for Song Class sorted by title and artist
Wrapper class. Need of that?
Ex of method hiding using private and static method
Diff bw final and finalze? Can we not initialize final var.
Static class. Y an outer class cnt b static?
Synchronize static method.
Difference b/w throw and throws. Hierarchy of Exception. 
Y Map is not a part of Collection interface
Difference b/w BeanFactory and ApplicationContext
Volatile var 
Generic type check at compile time or at run time
Equals and hashcode. HashMap working?
Hibernate many to many mapping
If we create 2 beans of same class. Wht will b default scope? Is it possible to hv 2 diff obj of same class
Need to remove a column
Difference bw drop, delete, truncate
Max 2nd salary without top
Unix command to change the file permission 	

2nd round –
Out of an array choose pair of 2 values, whose sum is equal to a given no. (m).  With least complexity
Sort stack with least complexity
Y Hibernate is useful in place of JDBC
Flow of hibernate
Difference bw struts and spring. Uses of spring.
Type of transactional
Table Mapping in hibernate. Generator.

3rd round-
Brief discussion about project.
How will we insert element at 3rd position in a linked list
Difference b/w stack and queue. Java obj impemets the both
Types of sorting. Explain merge sort.
Architecture of my application.
Waterfall model phases.
