
Extras - 
1.	Non sql data base like mongodb, cassandera
2.	Check GC output
9-Apr-2018 -mphrx – Telephonic - Easy
1.	What is difference between Path and Classpath?
2.	Can we have java file with multiple public class, No, What happened?
3.	If there are 5 class in a java file, what will happen on compile
4.	Can all of these can hv main method? Yes, what happened?
5.	Why not supported multiple inheritance, how multiple inheritance supported for interface? 
6.	Order of constructor calling C isa B isa A, further with parameterized constructor same question. 
7.	Scopes of spring bean
8.	A is singleton, B is prototype,  A has B, let us call A 5 times, how many beans of A & B will be created?
9.	A is singleton, B is prototype,  B has A, let us call B 5 times, how many beans of A & B will be created?
10.	There are 8 coins, one is a bit heavier and a weighing balance. How many times we need to weigh to identify heavier coin – Max 3 times (Divide 4-4)-   Max 2 times (Divide 3-3-2, now weigh 3 and 3)

7-Apr – BOA – F2F - Tough
1.	Why map is not part of collections?
2.	Synchronize(obj1){
obj1.notify();
Statement 1;
}
Statement 1 will be executed by which thread?
3.	Types of proxies and which one used by spring?
4.	In around advice, what will happen if pjp.proceed will be commented, will remain statement be executed?
5.	Is Mysql transactional?
6.	How to access spring application context?
7.	 How to refresh only few classes of spring application context?
8.	Comparator and Comparable
9.	How to create a thread safe map
10.	Bean scopes and session scope example
11.	How to represent one table in 2 hibernate classes like class B extends A

Synchrony Finance -  F2F - Easy
1.	What is difference between – GET, PUT, OPTIONS, POST and other
2.	


GapTech  - 13th April – Video 
Round 1 – 
1.	How to create Immutable class
2.	N+1 problem in hibernate
3.	2nd level cache
4.	Why wait and notify is part of object  class
5.	Write code for 
a) To find occurrence of each char in a given string
	b) To reverse a string 
6. How to set priority of a thread.
Synechron Technologies – 14th April – Oberoi, Gurgaon – F2F
Round 1
1.	Difference between HashMap and ConcurrentHashMap
2.	Can we read\write parallel in same and different segment
3.	How CyclicBarrier and CountDownLatch works
4.	Thread 1 writing something and thread 2 has to read it. WAP using wait and notify to achieve same. (Hint – Producer Consumer problem)
5.	Different types of thread pools of executor. Explain.
6.	How to run a task in executor service, how to get a object generated by this task
7.	How can we cancel a task, after submitting it 
8.	What is hash collision?
9.	Working of HashMap, how key value pairs are stored in memory (linklist or array), if map has 16 buckets, but hashcode returns 1032, in which bucket it will store (Hint: 1032%16).
10.	Difference between Arraylist and linklist, where to use which one?
11.	Inheritance strategy in hibernate
12.	How will define many to many mapping in hibernate
13.	Explain Merge sort and insertion sort working
14.	Create your own linklist, how can we access last 3rd element, if we don’t know its size
15.	 Difference between query parameter and path var.
16.	What is autowiring, what will happen if has 2 beans of same type
17.	Explain spring MVC flow, while serving a request
18.	Table(emp_id, manager_id, ename), print ename, manager name
19.	 Different Garbage Collectors
Round2
1.	How can we check threads performance and which thread is stuck (Hint: cli)
2.	Time slicing can help us to give CPU cycle to some other thread, while waiting for something, how to implement it with multithreading.
3.	Random questions about project.
ViTech System – Telephonic -15th-Apr-2018
Screening –
1.	Stream in Java is inspired by what type of programming?
2.	Which sort is stable
3.	Base class of exception
4.	Any algo with complexity of log n
5.	“string”.equals(null) ?
6.	GC introduced with Java 8
Round 1 -
1.	Which has better performance String or StringBuffer or StringBuilder?
2.	Difference between array and collection (Hint: dynamic allocation,  heterogeneous and homogeneous objects, easy to use methods)
3.	How to configure hibernate in spring.
4.	Partial and full autowiring.
5.	How to throw a exception, difference between throw and throws, 
6.	Difference between inverse and cascade in hiberanate
7.	Difference between Comparator and Comparable
8.	How can we differentiate 2 different tables in one hbm.xml .
9.	Explain Exception hierarchy, is Airthematic Exception is runtime or compile time?
10.	Out of postgre, mysql and oracle, which one should choose our project and y? (Hint : Connection pools, )
11.	Difference between SessionObject and SessionFactory
Aitel – Programming
1.	Write a task pool implementation.
Mahindra Comviva








